Update CONTRIBUTORS.md and supporting information (#1645)
iron-fish/ironfish: CONTRIBUTING.md

* Write documentation or fix the existing documentation
* If you still don't know what could be a good task for you, do not hesitate to contact us.

# We will close your PR if

If you are working on something in one of these categories, we will not accept your PR if you don't open a Fish Improvement Proposal (FIP).

 - Upgrading Package Versions

>    - This is a common attack vector by malicious agents. We lock down our packages for this very reason, and only allolw the core team to upgrade packages unlesse you submit a FIP first explaining why you want to upgrade the package.

Reviewer: Nit: "allolw" -> "allow", "unlesse" -> "unless"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - This is a common attack vector by malicious agents. We lock down our packages for this very reason, and only allow the core team to upgrade packages unless you submit a FIP first explaining why you want to upgrade the package.
```

Author: Fixed

 - Upgrading Node Versions

>    - There is a large impact  in upgrading node versions. Iron Fish takes advantage of many experimental node features that at some are not fully fleshedout. We use workers, and native code boundries. Node is also known to introduce bugs in newer versions, even LTS. Because of this, there is production testing we do on our side when upgrading node to ensure it's compatible. Because of this, we don't allow usersc to upgrade our node versions unless a FIP is filed.

Reviewer: Nit: Extra space after "large impact"; "fleshedout" -> "fleshed out", "boundries" -> "boundaries", "usersc" -> "users"

Also, consider "...experimental node features, some of which are not fully fleshed out."

>    - There is a large impact  in upgrading node versions. Iron Fish takes advantage of many experimental node features that at some are not fully fleshedout. We use workers, and native code boundries. Node is also known to introduce bugs in newer versions, even LTS. Because of this, there is production testing we do on our side when upgrading node to ensure it's compatible. Because of this, we don't allow usersc to upgrade our node versions unless a FIP is filed.

Author: Fixed

 - Refactor a core system

>    - Often engineers have visions for core systems, and may be in the process of changing them. FIP's help avoid overlap and to have your changes over-written. Some core systems include, MerkleTree, Blockchain, PeerNetwork, Verifier, Consensus.

Reviewer: Consider "...avoid overlap and having your changes over-written".

Nit: "Some core systems include..." (remove first comma)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Often engineers have visions for core systems, and may be in the process of changing them. FIP's help avoid overlap and having your changes over-written. Some core systems include MerkleTree, Blockchain, PeerNetwork, Verifier, Consensus.
```

Author: Fixed

>  - Making new product design decisions that has no precident

Reviewer: Nit: "precident" -> "precedent"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Making new product design decisions that has no precedent
```

Author: Fixed

>    - This one is more complicated. If our products works one way, and you open a PR to change the core product principals to work in another way, then we are going to close your PR as it does not fit into our vision. Try to match existing precident as much as possible in your code.

Reviewer: Nit: "principles" should be used; "precident" -> "precedent"

Author: I think for these text changes it's easier if you just use the suggestion feature of github.

Reviewer: Oh, I've actually never seen that button until now. I'll propose suggestions instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - This one is more complicated. If our products works one way, and you open a PR to change the core product principles to work in another way, then we are going to close your PR as it does not fit into our vision. Try to match existing precedent as much as possible in your code.
```

Author: Fixed
